how's it going everybody today I'm just
gonna be doing something a little
different I'm going to be doing a live
commentary on a mod I usually what I do
is record and then I do the audio but I
don't know I just felt like doing it
live today now fuck it Walter won't live
alright so basically what this mod is is
you guys know how I did all the videos
on the Daedric artifacts right well this
mod adds more Daedric artifacts to the
game but there Smith able so you don't
have to go on a quest to get them and
what they are basically is the now I
gotta figure out okay see you know how
Hobbit jack is a Daedric artifact right
like I like I just said you had to do a
quest to get that well this you guys
probably never seen before because it's
in the mod it's a sword that gets added
in the mod that's one of the swords let
me see see if I can say this Verma's
dream let's go with that so let's just
call this the dream sword I mean I like
it I like the way it looks with like the
gold running through and stuff yeah
let's just put it on see I mean it looks
kind of skinny maybe but the damage is
pretty darn good and I like the G that
has to it actually looks like a sheath a
sheath sheath have you say that we're up
here again like by some natural light so
you guys can actually see see there it
is right there I think I like it
personally so there's that one and then
we have the Asura's lost now you know
how you get the zero star I guess is her
sword and this one looks I mean I don't
like the look of this one kind of looks
too needle II needlepoint E but we'll
put that one on as well I kind of like
the way it looks in your hand though
because you can't really see the needle
point and they're all really long swords
as well like you can see that that is
one of the longest swords I think I've
ever seen in Skyrim also the damage like
I said is really good on all of them
so put that one in I think the sheaves
are all the same
oh no they're not wow that is a nice
sheath holy shit that kind of looks like
maybe you lord of the rings'
Aragon sheath for I can't remember the
name of his sword the sword that gets
broken by Sauron he just steps on and
breaks it in half it's got a really
weird name I can't remember it but
that's what the she looks like it's got
a little bit of steel and some leather
on it
looks good and so there's that one see
damage seven I mean it's got value to it
too which is kind of weird since it's a
mullet I didn't know they could actually
add a value to something and then we
have this my favorite sword I don't know
probably cuz it's got a badass name it
has revenge in it so it's badass
obviously now um let's see Mira Mira
does Mary does buried as revenge guys I
can't it's ridiculous but yes see this
is a beautiful sword just look at that I
mean everything about it I like it's got
the flawless rubies down here you need
flawless rubies to make it so it
actually incorporates what you need to
make it into it so the the blade is
Quicksilver with some gold running
through it I mean it looks really nice I
think and then the leather strips down
here around the hilt or the guard right
here yes I know the name of this this
thing some people are like some people
would be like oh he actually knows that
yeah I do
I learned it from Skyrim not jokes but
it looks amazing in your hand kind of
looks like a he-man sword maybe or
something I don't know that's sounds
really stupid it's like a lot of he-man
sort of look good but I don't know I
think it looks amazing
let's see what the she looks like on
this one um looks a little bit different
I mean it looks good especially with
this armor the capes kind of going
through it a little bit but that's
that's alright and it's to be expected
with you know Skyrim it's not it's not
perfect by any means but yeah so I'm
just going to show you guys how to how
to make it here
the links are gonna be in the
description by the way if you guys want
to get this mod and put it in it's easy
it's got a readme file in it so you guys
could just go there it's all good so wow
there's the revenge I'm just gonna call
it the revenge blade because I love it
so much he's got a little crack - I
think that's amazing but um it takes
three Ebony and gets some leather strips
a Daedra heart two gold ingots in a
flawless Ruby like I said that's the
flawless Ruby right there in the end and
those are the leather strips and that's
the gold I mean yeah I mean it looks
really good I don't really see where
they put the ebony in but it's probably
somewhere so that's revenge this is the
dream sword my babe looks good so I mean
it's pretty much it's the exact same
except it takes a Quicksilver and get
instead of a flawless Ruby now I don't
know where they incorporated the
Quicksilver and it's probably the blade
itself not too sure but that looks
really good and then we have the Azura's
lost sword and it takes two rubies just
regular rubies so Wow don't want to
craft it again but yeah I mean you can
craft them too which is kind of cool so
if you guys are getting tired of walking
around with the same swords all the time
then yeah it's good oh I also did a
retexture of all the Daedric weapons I
think I went over it before but here's
just a few of them the gauntlets I think
look amazing look at them Luke Luke
they're nice but some yeah if you guys
have any questions at all just send me a
message or you know post a comment and
I'll reply to it I can't get over how
good that sword looks hey let me get
over to the light a little more so I
there we go
that's poi fect see it just looks I
don't know
can't really because most swords don't
have a sheath in this game it's
basically like see I'll put a Daedric
sword on for you guys right here and you
notice how it doesn't have a sheath it
looks kind of stupid yeah I mean it's
just little things like that they could
have done to make the game a lot better
but um yeah I don't know you guys
supposed to comment if you got any
questions I have a couple more mods and
I want to show you guys that you'll like
and yeah I guess I'll talk to you guys
later thanks for watching